Brother, look at this one
A plan to take the throne without a single battle
How is it, hahahahaha?
I see your plan is just a dream soldier
Cave of the Beast
You don't have China.
Of course the emperor was not poisoned
Do you think your little tricks
Can you deceive me?
How is that possible?
How did you find out?
Of course, thank you.
I didn't expect that so many years of relationship would be paid incorrectly
I always feel that this return of Xiping is no accident
The concubine also thinks
It's too coincidental that Yao Moxi came back.
Could it be that someone is behind it?
Looks like we're going to put on a play
A snake comes out of the hole
I always thought I was your stand-in
I didn't expect it to be me who saved the emperor back then
And you are my stand-in
You lied to the emperor for so many years